leave irani doing Patsy knee
this man of each shot see my father eeny
colleague turns draws calmness of
outdoors in the back of the head and
parallel or even Buddha back at the far
post
once again the Fiorentina defense
completely static granny the central
ball to the penalty Rhea
brings to Patsy knee but if he can run
here still patching it to the boxer shot
over the crossbar um jump our Patsy knee
ready to bounce another corner kick
there's a helipad off the line you can
see once again the corner kick still
holding out Chris man of each back that
was by the government believer you're in
Tina their pressure has paid off the
when I go down on 11 minutes but they've
dominated since then that's a part of
each Eenie
pray pray by Santana short javelin a
save by Parvati knee his liver and he's
fighting over the world and poverty knee
punches it out for another corner an
important tactical link between a short
from Reginaldo punched away by sébastien
Frey but here is Montolivo stepping up
with the free kick is over the crossbar
and morganson slicing across the hello
Harris tried to stab me earlier scope of
your latina standards had a proof season
and he's first and Furion Tina's colors
and phone the back of the net after
going I called down three minutes
earlier and there's number three Pablo
Osvaldo his Champions League football
ring his way back to Florence not
followed by collie and that goes down